.TH XMDS2 "1" "December 2012" "xmds2 xmds2:" "User Commands"
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH NAME
xmds2 \- the eXtensible Multi-Dimensional Simulator v2
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR xmds2  " [options] "  \fIfileToBeParsed
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
The program \fBxmds2\fR is a code generator that integrates equations. 
You write them down in human readable form in an XML 
file, and it goes away and writes and compiles a C++
program that integrates those equations as fast as 
it can possibly be done in your architecture. 
.PP
For information as to how to write a script for xmds, and how
to solve problems in physics, mathematics and even finance
and economics, read the associated documentation available
from the xmds web site: http://www.xmds.org.
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print help message
.TP
.BI \-o\  file \fR,\ \fB\-\-output\-file= file
This overrides the name of the output file to be generated
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\- verbose
Verbose mode
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-debug
Debug mode. Compiler error messages report errors in the .cc
file, not the .xmds file. Implies \fB\-\-verbose\fR. Mostly useful when debuging xmds
code generation.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-no\-compile
Only generate a source file, don't compile
.TP
.B \-\-configure
Run configuration checks for compiling simulations
.TP
.B \-\-reconfigure
Run configuration using the same options as used with the last
time \fB\-\-configure\fR was run with the additional arguments specified
.TP
\fB\-\-include\-path \fI/path/to/include
Add the path /path/to/include to the list of paths searched for include headers
This option is only meaningful when used with \fB\-\-(re)configure
.TP
\fB\-\-lib\-path \fI/path/to/lib
Add the path /path/to/lib to the list of paths searched for libraries
This option is only meaningful when used with \fB\-\-(re)configure
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.I ${HOME}/.xmds/
Directory for storing settings and fftw wisdom files.
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBxsil2graphics2\fR\|(1)
.P
For further help, please see http://www.xmds.org
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Graham Dennis <graham.dennis@anu.edu.au>,
Joe Hope,
Mattias Johnsson,
Andy Ferris,
Michael Hush,
Gabriel McManus,
and others.
